docs/source/getting_started.rst, before:

Getting Started
===============

To begin using Dexsnake, the first step is to connect with a provider and initialize a
Web3 instance.

.. tip::
   
   For more information, please see `the web3.py documentation
   <https://web3py.readthedocs.io/en/stable/providers.html>`_.

Connecting to the Blockchain
############################

The provider facilitates the interaction with the blockchain. The most common ways to
connect to the blockchain are:

- **IPC**: Ideal when your application is hosted on the same physical or virtual
  machine as the blockchain node. IPC provides the quickest communication with the node.

- **WebSocket**: Recommended for applications that connect remotely to a node.
  WebSockets provide a faster connection than HTTP and are suitable for environments
  where real-time updates from the blockchain are crucial.

- **HTTP**: This is a versatile and widely used method that offers extensive
  compatibility with various nodes. It's particularly useful in situations where the
  simplicity of setup is a priority.

The Python snippet below initializes how to configure each type of provider and
initialize a Web3 instance.

.. code-block:: python

   from web3 import Web3
   
   # IPC
   provider = Web3.IPCProvider("/my/node/ipc/path")
   
   # WebSocket
   provider = Web3.WebsocketProvider("wss://my-node-url")
   
   # HTTP
   provider = Web3.HTTPProvider("https://my-node-url")
   
   # Initialize the Web3 instance
   web3 = Web3(provider)

After configuring the provider and initializing the Web3 instance, you are ready to use
Dexsnake.

Making Transactions
###################

While you can read data on the blockchain using just a provider, you need to make
transactions on the blockchain to make trades. This requires an account consisting of a
public key and a private key. The public key is your account's address on the
blockchain, while the private key is used to sign transactions, proving ownership of the
account. It's crucial to keep your private key secure, as anyone with access to it can
steal your assets! One way to manage sensitive information is by using environment
variables, which your Python code can then access securely:

.. code-block:: python

   import os

   private_key = os.getenv("PRIVATE_KEY")

Commit message:

Add mention about smart contract selection

docs/source/getting_started.rst, after:

Getting Started
===============

To begin using Dexsnake, the first step is to connect with a provider and initialize a
Web3 instance.

.. tip::
   
   For more information, please see `the web3.py documentation
   <https://web3py.readthedocs.io/en/stable/providers.html>`_.

Connecting to the Blockchain
############################

The provider facilitates the interaction with the blockchain. The most common ways to
connect to the blockchain are:

- **IPC**: Ideal when your application is hosted on the same physical or virtual
  machine as the blockchain node. IPC provides the quickest communication with the node.

- **WebSocket**: Recommended for applications that connect remotely to a node.
  WebSockets provide a faster connection than HTTP and are suitable for environments
  where real-time updates from the blockchain are crucial.

- **HTTP**: This is a versatile and widely used method that offers extensive
  compatibility with various nodes. It's particularly useful in situations where the
  simplicity of setup is a priority.

The Python snippet below initializes how to configure each type of provider and
initialize a Web3 instance.

.. code-block:: python

   from web3 import Web3
   
   # IPC
   provider = Web3.IPCProvider("/my/node/ipc/path")
   
   # WebSocket
   provider = Web3.WebsocketProvider("wss://my-node-url")
   
   # HTTP
   provider = Web3.HTTPProvider("https://my-node-url")
   
   # Initialize the Web3 instance
   web3 = Web3(provider)

After configuring the provider and initializing the Web3 instance, you are ready to use
Dexsnake.

.. note::
   
   Dexsnake uses the initialized Web3 instance to determine which blockchain is used and
   automatically selects the corresponding smart contract addresses.

Making Transactions
###################

While you can read data on the blockchain using just a provider, you need to make
transactions on the blockchain to make trades. This requires an account consisting of a
public key and a private key. The public key is your account's address on the
blockchain, while the private key is used to sign transactions, proving ownership of the
account. It's crucial to keep your private key secure, as anyone with access to it can
steal your assets! One way to manage sensitive information is by using environment
variables, which your Python code can then access securely:

.. code-block:: python

   import os

   private_key = os.getenv("PRIVATE_KEY")
